<<<<<<< HEAD
include include/asm-generic/Kbuild.asm

header-y += spr_defs.h

generic-y += atomic.h
generic-y += auxvec.h
generic-y += barrier.h
generic-y += bitsperlong.h
generic-y += bug.h
generic-y += bugs.h
generic-y += cacheflush.h
generic-y += checksum.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += cmpxchg-local.h
generic-y += cpumask.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += current.h
generic-y += device.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += dma.h
generic-y += emergency-restart.h
generic-y += errno.h
generic-y += exec.h
generic-y += fb.h
generic-y += fcntl.h
generic-y += ftrace.h
generic-y += futex.h
generic-y += hardirq.h
generic-y += hw_irq.h
generic-y += ioctl.h
generic-y += ioctls.h
generic-y += ipcbuf.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += kdebug.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += local.h
generic-y += mman.h
generic-y += module.h
generic-y += msgbuf.h
generic-y += pci.h
generic-y += percpu.h
generic-y += poll.h
generic-y += posix_types.h
generic-y += resource.h
generic-y += rmap.h
generic-y += scatterlist.h
generic-y += sections.h
generic-y += segment.h
generic-y += sembuf.h
generic-y += setup.h
generic-y += shmbuf.h
generic-y += shmparam.h
generic-y += siginfo.h
generic-y += signal.h
generic-y += socket.h
generic-y += sockios.h
generic-y += statfs.h
generic-y += stat.h
generic-y += string.h
generic-y += switch_to.h
generic-y += swab.h
generic-y += termbits.h
generic-y += termios.h
generic-y += topology.h
generic-y += types.h
generic-y += ucontext.h
=======
# SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0
generic-y += extable.h
generic-y += kvm_para.h
generic-y += parport.h
generic-y += spinlock_types.h
generic-y += spinlock.h
generic-y += qrwlock_types.h
generic-y += qrwlock.h
>>>>>>> 26f1d324c6e (tools: use basename to identify file in gen-mach-types)
generic-y += user.h
